docs: add running mm2 as a service (#918)
redpanda-data/documentation: docs/platform/data-management/data-migration.mdx

<cluster_name_2>.producer.max.request.size=31457280
```

> ## Running MirrorMaker 2 in production as a service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Running MirrorMaker 2 as a service
```

For production usage Redpanda recommends that you run MirrorMaker 2 as a SystemD unit file.

> To do this, follow these steps:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To run MirrorMaker 2 as a SystemD unit file:
```

1. Edit `/etc/systemd/system/multi-user.target.wants/mm2.service` and add the following:

```
[Unit]
Description=Mirror Maker 2 service
After=network.target
#StartLimitIntervalSec=0
[Service]
Type=simple
Restart=always
LimitNOFILE=49152
RestartSec=1
User=root
Environment=JAVA_HOME=/usr/lib/jvm/java-11-amazon-corretto
ExecStart=/home/ec2-user/kafka_2.13-3.3.1/bin/connect-mirror-maker.sh /home/ec2-user/mm2.properties

# Output to syslog
StandardOutput=syslog
StandardError=syslog
SyslogIdentifier=mm2

[Install]
WantedBy=multi-user.target
```

:::note

> The home directory and where you are running MirrorMaker2 from may vary. Pay attention to Kafka's folder since it may vary by version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The home directory and where you are running MirrorMaker2 from may vary. Note the Kafka folder location, as it may vary by version.
```
